Shen Shao is here
Are waiting for you
Take a seat
Even Mr. Jiang doesn't dare to take my place
How dare you
Shen Shao's company cannot be without a master for a day
Today our board of directors
Resolution to elect a new chairperson
And lead us all along. Okay.
Mr. Jiang is trying to turn positive from the belt
Hey no no no
What are my virtues and responsibilities?
Who do you think is qualified?
I think the position of chairperson is very important
Not only can you be capable
And you have to have a group.
Large share of equity will do
I think everyone here
None of them are qualified.
No one brought it up
I figured it out this afternoon.
Now with a big round of applause
Please invite the new directors of the group
Miss Xiangfei Yue
Shen Yi long time no see